# A Priori

The `apriori` function implements the A Priori algorithm for association rule mining first proposed by Rakesh Agrawal and Srikant Ramakrishnan in 1994. This algorithm identifies frequent itemsets in a dataset and generates association rules based on specified support thresholds.

```@docs
apriori(txns::Transactions, min_support::Union{Int,Float64}, max_length::Int)
```

## Parameters
- `txns::Transactions`: A `Transactions` type object that contains the encoded transaction dataset as a sparse CSC matrix along with row and column name keys
- `min_support::Union{Int,Float64}`: The minimum support threshold for the rules. This can be specified as either:
    - An `Int` represents the absolute support (count) of transactions.
    - A `Float64` represents the relative support (percentage) of transactions.
- `max_length::Int`: An integer value specifying the maximum length of the rules generated by the function

## Output
The function returns a `DataFrame` containing the discovered association rules. Each row in the DataFrame represents a rule with the following columns:
- `LHS`: The left-hand side of the rule (antecedent)
- `RHS`: The right-hand side of the rule (consequent)
- `Support`: Relative support of the rule
- `Confidence`: Confidence of the rule
- `Coverage`: Coverage (RHS support) of the rule
- `Lift`: Lift of the assocation rule
- `N`: Absolute support of association rule
- `Length`: Length of the association rule

## Algorithm Overview

1. The function starts by identifying base nodes (single-item rules) that meet the minimum support criteria.
2. It then iteratively generates longer rules up to the specified `max_length`.
3. For each rule length, it generates candidate rules by combining shorter rules with additional candidate items.
4. These candidate rules are then evaluated on whether they meet the minimum support citeria.
5. Various metrics (support, confidence, coverage, lift) are calculated for each rule which meets the `min_support` criterion.

## Usage Example

```julia

# Load transactions
txns = load_transactions("transactions.txt", ' ')

# Find frequent itemsets with minimum support of 5% and maximum length of 3
result = apriori(txns, 0.05,3)
```